is Skyler in the eight days x3 25 oy oy
oy I was taking it out just got a fixed
ripped a disc right in half so much talk
so listen the motor
go
it's tight that's time it's so tired oh
my yeah we're nice rev matched a second
here wine it sounds like it's got a
blower on it oh wait it does wait oh my
god Wow show your that on this guy oh my
god yeah that snapped their first was
wrong
and like he doesn't care if you heard
it's yours buck 60 low miles just a fox
64 the straight-6 it
just chaffee on these roads
oh you already turned the jack control
off didn't you I mean that lights
network you know now it's up staying off
all the time that's not a bad thing but
I used to be able to turn this on and
off that light in the middle between the
speedo just gonna be a fuse ray
something too yeah he's slow no really
does now you're choking up hills you're
on these dirt roads I feel the back
tires spinning when it gets all red our
hands oh my god it's a two minute video
already let's take a wide one first gear
turn here turn around
yeah like he doesn't care we can be gone
for 15 minutes nice road go to an
asphalt one happy go keep going like he
doesn't care it's ours there is getting
a comedy oh yeah yeah if we're just
taking it to the hills I lost my key
told us you're taking a drive here from
the garage anyways
haha not slow I just sounded there
love that motor noise thank you yeah you
haven't heard the the sucking you know
like Zambia like it's always a
hammer from out back does this window
work a little bit he said no he said
they wedge it up that's right dan is
this
because this Bank yeah it'll be I never
I love it there listen to it
in a second
I'll put it in first from right here
just have it at that high wind at about
three or four grand it would be at right
here just creep up a little bit farther
in first keep up to about 35 and then
give a little snug from there it'll snap
whoa you see that do another one I hear
it smooth to just be ready to counter
whoa oh oh oh this thing is fast and
first just hit it from any of your four
grand
second
whoa